yesterday attorney general Alberto
Gonzalez was in the Senate Judiciary
Committee being questioned on exactly
what happened to stop a Department of
Justice investigation into the illegal
National Security Agency wiretapping of
Americans telephones where President
Bush ordered the National Security
Agency to listen in on Americans private
conversations and to read their emails
without ever getting a search warrant
although the United States Constitution
and American law specifically calls for
search warrants to be gained in such
circumstances well as the Attorney
General was sitting there in front of
this committee he was asked over and
over again who it was that actually
denied those security clearances and
finally he was forced to admit as the
president of the United States George
double punch himself who refused to give
those offended why is it George W Bush
refuse to allow this investigation to
continue well tell you snow the press
secretary keep the official explanation
that it just wasn't necessary according
to george w bush's expert opinion was it
necessary while according to some
senators this is an illegal program
senators like Russ Feingold from
Wisconsin actually say that President
Bush was breaking the law don't we
deserve to have an investigation and
doesn't the Congress as a co-equal
branch of government have the right to
ask questions about whether the
president of the United States was
breaking the law mew choose whether
you're going to side with the
Republicans who say that the president
gets to decide when the law is
unnecessary or whether you will stand
with Democrats like Russ Feingold who
declare that the great American
tradition still stands that nobody not
even the President of the United States
is above
you